Enhance docker development docs (#746)
rubyforgood/mutual-aid: doc/setup.md

then run the bootstrapping process.

> **BEWARE**  This script is intended to be a quick way to start from noting and get a working instance of the application - suitable for development - up and running. It is also appropriate if you should find yourself at a total loss and want to start over with your development environment. This destroys and recreates the volumes for the various containers - IE databases, gem caches, yarn caches will be destroyed - which can be costly in wall clock time.

Reviewer: start from "nothing" ?

Reviewer: Maybe 

"It is also appropriate if you want to start over with your development environment (like, if the data is now outdated due to code changes, it's acting wonky in a way you can't explain, etc).

Reviewer: by "wall clock time", do you mean, "which will take several minutes to run" ?

Author: It always sounds good enough in my head, but that doesn't mean it makes sense to another human being. ;-) I appreciate the suggestions!

> **BEWARE**  This script is intended to be a quick way to start from noting and get a working instance of the application - suitable for development - up and running. It is also appropriate if you should find yourself at a total loss and want to start over with your development environment. This destroys and recreates the volumes for the various containers - IE databases, gem caches, yarn caches will be destroyed - which can be costly in wall clock time.

Author: ```suggestion
**BEWARE**  This script is intended to be a quick way to start from nothing and get a working instance of the application - suitable for development - up and running. It is also appropriate if you should find yourself at a total loss and want to start over with your development environment. This destroys and recreates the volumes for the various containers - IE databases, gem caches, yarn caches will be destroyed - which can be costly in wall clock time.
```

> **BEWARE**  This script is intended to be a quick way to start from nothing and get a working instance of the application - suitable for development - up and running. It is also appropriate if you should find yourself at a total loss and want to start over with your development environment. This destroys and recreates the volumes for the various containers - IE databases, gem caches, yarn caches will be destroyed - which can be costly in wall clock time.

Author: ```suggestion
**BEWARE**  This script is intended to be a quick way to start from nothing and get a working instance of the application - suitable for development - up and running. It is also appropriate if you should find yourself at a total loss and want to start over with your development environment. This destroys the volumes for the various containers - IE the data on the databases, gem caches, yarn caches will be erased. Additionally, reinstalling gems and yarn dependencies can take several minutes. 
```

Author: Does the read any better to you @maebeale ?
